GH-73991: Add `pathlib.Path.rmtree()` (#119060)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

   Remove this directory.  The directory must be empty.

.. method:: Path.rmtree(ignore_errors=False, on_error=None)

>    Delete this entire directory tree. The path must not refer to a symlink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Recursively delete this entire directory tree. The path must not refer to a symlink.
```

Just to match the description of `shutil.rmtree` (to stress "recursively").

   If *ignore_errors* is true, errors resulting from failed removals will be
   ignored. If *ignore_errors* is false or omitted, and a function is given to
   *on_error*, it will be called each time an exception is raised. If neither
   *ignore_errors* nor *on_error* are supplied, exceptions are propagated to
   the caller.

   .. note::

>       On platforms that support the necessary fd-based functions a symlink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      On platforms that support the necessary fd-based functions, a symlink
```

>       attack resistant version of :meth:`~Path.rmtree` is used by default. On

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      attack-resistant version of :meth:`~Path.rmtree` is used by default. On
```

      other platforms, the :func:`~Path.rmtree` implementation is susceptible
      to a symlink attack: given proper timing and circumstances, attackers

>       can manipulate symlinks on the filesystem to delete files they wouldn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      can manipulate symlinks on the filesystem to delete files they would not
```

      be able to access otherwise.

   If the optional argument *on_error* is specified, it should be a callable;

>    it will be called with one argument, an :exc:`OSError` instance. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   it will be called with one argument of type :exc:`OSError`. The
```

   callable can handle the error to continue the deletion process or re-raise

>    it to stop. Note that the filename is available as the ``filename``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   it to stop. Note that the filename is available as the :attr:`~OSError.filename`
```
